# Wild-West
1) The banking interest project was a small program that takes the input of a user and projects their investment earnings over a number of years based on user submitted ROI and Investment amounts. The program allows a user to see the monthly compounded interest and the final amount each year. It also supports monthly investment in addition to the initial sum. 
2) An area that I believe I did well in was the interface. I applied some tricks that I learned on YouTube to make all my text align for some sweet ASCII aesthetics and I even included some exception handling along the way. Another aspect that was pretty good was the time that I took as I allocated 8 hours for the whole thing and finished in under 4 and didn’t hit any walls along the way. I think a take away from this one project was that I should keep things simple as the little steps can carry me far. 
3)	A Area that I can definitely improve in is in my OOP as I am way too focused on functions and the actual backend of the coding. I can use some work in my attention to detail as well as I missed out on easy points by forgetting to read the instructions thoroughly. I will admit as well that I rushed through a lot of the reading assignments as I much rather watch the lessons online as I would likely go crazy sliding through all those pages. 
4)	The codes that I found the most challenging to write were probably the parts where I had to enhance the user interface as it was surprisingly difficult making everything look nice and neat and consistent. I did not realize how much work it took to align something and how it seems to almost be a totally different language. 
5)	One skill that I will certainly use more is to start small and work my way up. I often find myself stuck in a particular spot in the project because I was too ambitious and tried to approach the project at a angle that I was not capable of. I would find myself stuck for hours on a simple part of the code just because I wanted to code it a certain way and not realize that I am simply wasting time. I am much more cognizant of coding small bits and combing them instead of just throwing everything into main or into one function and have it do everything and in some ways I can apply this to my personal life as well. 
